[NARRATOR]
Kuromu, the Netherworld dem-dol
who's currently all the rage
is in actuality
one of the students
from the Misfit Class,
Keroli Crocell.
However...
Uh, someone!
Please wake up, Kuromu.
Kuromu?
Kuromu! [gasps]
Are you staff?
-Kuromu. Please wake up.
-[groans]
She has a fever.
[IRUMA, ASMODEUS AND CLARA]
"Sparkling Shock."
[MAL]
Ice and cold water, now.
[gasps] Right.
Now, as for you,
you'd better not have done
anything to her.
I didn't.
We were talking
and she collapsed.
Did you say anything
to overexcite her?
She's very delicate.
[labored breathing]
She can't handle too much heat.
If she gets too exhausted
or emotional,
or uses too much ice magic...
[gasps]
And we've been so careful, too.
Well, um, it might
be my fault, then.
[MAL gasps]
You just stay put.
We'll talk later.
Miss Mal! Is it true?
She fainted?
Yes. Look for yourself.
[KUROTSUNO] Will she come to?
What about the concert?
She can't possibly
perform like this.
[KUROTSUNO] Oh, no,
but it's the Makubari Dome!
All of her fans
are already lined up outside,
and there are a ton
of sponsors here, too.
This is her big chance.
A doctor.
Can we get one here quick?
Not a chance!
[groans]
-She has a unique condition.
-[labored breathing]
Specific steps are required
to cool her down.
The only ones capable would be
a highly specialized doctor
or her family.
[gasps]
But even if we call
her family now,
we won't make it in time
for the show's opening.
They live too far
away from here.
[gasps] Seriously?
They're not here for her show?
[groans softly]
Correct.
That's the kind of family
they are.
[BOTH sigh]
I guess we'll just have
to cancel the--
[KUROMU]
Don't do it!
Oh, Kuromu!
[heavy breathing]
You can't, 'cause I...
I'm gonna be the top dem-dol.
And there is no way...
that I'm stopping now.
But why do you...
[groans softly]
I have to get back at them.
-Kuromu.
-[KUROMU] It's fine.
My bloodline ability is...
Ice Facade.
We can control
water temperature.
My family is well-known for
being able to manipulate ice,
but the iciness reaches far
beyond just that known ability.
They're also known
for wearing icy expressions
and never showing
even a hint of a smile.
In fact, I never smiled at all
when I was little.
But one day,
my grammy secretly showed me
an exciting form
of netherworld entertainment.
The dem-dols.
[gasps deeply]
It was a sparkling shock.
[cheering]
I never knew demons
could even show joy.
So this is what
they called "smiling."
♪
[gasps]
That's what I wanted.
[gasps in awe]
That way, I could
get back at my family.
Becoming the top dem-dol
is my destiny.
Because... I mean...
I am super cute,
and cute rules all.
[groans]
[ALL]
Kuromu!
Take it easy.
Don't over-exert yourself, dear.
You must try calming down.
Hey, uh, is there
anything I can do?
No, back off!
You've done quite enough
already, young man.
Just stay there.
You're in the way.
Get some more ice, and keep
the audience distracted.
Yes, ma'am.
[heavy breathing]
Stay strong.
[IRUMA grunts]
I can't leave her.
I won't do it.
-[BARAKI] No pushing.
-Please line up in single file.
[BARAKI]
I said, don't push. Stand back.
-Baraki.
-What's up?
[STAFF MEMBER] The rest
of the staff is totally swamped.
Could you give me
a hand over here?
[gasps sharply]
Right in front of the stage.
I'm so honored.
[crying]
-[STAFF MEMBER] Incoming!
-[ALL] Huh?
[FANS screaming]
[gasps]
Are you okay?
This isn't quite
how I imagined it going.
♪
[AMERI]
So this is it.
What's this?
My department's
providing security.
Enjoy the show.
The youngsters seem to love her.
[AMERI] Father procured
this ticket for me
so I could see
my first dem-dol performance.
[FANS chanting]
Kuromu! Kuromu! Kuromu! Kuromu!
[AMERI] Apparently
these are crucial accessories.
Good thing I bought them.
Kuromu!
Hey. How's it goin' in there?
We haven't started yet,
but the crowd's hyped.
The show starts at 6:06:06.
Do you think
Kuromu's gonna be okay?
[KEROLI'S MOM]
Yes. Good job, well done.
-[KEROLI sighs]
-Here you go.
[KEROLI] I'm the only one who
got "let's work harder" again.
[KEROLI'S MOM]
...better than last time.
[KEROLI]
I know someday
I'm going to get
a smiley devi face, too.
[grunts in determination]
♪
Look. See how cute I am?
You see?
That makes you happy, right?
So, please,
let me see it.
[echoing]
Show me your smiles.
[gasps, groans]
Ow, what happened to me?
[gasps]
Where is everyone?
What the...
How long was I out?
[gasps] The show!
[gasps] It's past 6:06:06!
[sighs]
I didn't... show up on time.
[indistinct chatter]
Not only that,
so many people came to see me.
I couldn't make them smile.
That means
I'm a professional failure.
[sobs]
[FANS cheering]
[gasps] Wait. What's that?
[cheering continues]
[groaning weakly]
[STAFF MEMBER 1]
Seriously?
[STAFF MEMBER 2]
This is amazing.
[STAFF MEMBER 3]
Devi-entertaining.
[STAFF MEMBER 4]
Best surprise ever.
Um, pardon me. Sorry.
[BOTH]
Hi, Kuromu.
[groans] Hey, Mal.
Oh, Kuromu.
Are you feeling better?
Yes, I am. I think.
[FANS cheering]
Why are they cheering?
[MAL chuckles]
It's remarkable.
Couldn't have asked
for better talent.
[gasps]
What in the world
could be going on out there?
[FANS cheering]
Huh?
Wha... What?!
Okay, you guys.
Uh, are you all ready?
Here we go!
[cheering intensifies]
[gasps sharply] What in
the actual netherworld is this?!
♪
What is happening?!
[NARRATOR] Let's turn the clock
back a little, shall we?
-Hey, Azz, Clara, you got a sec?
-Sure.
Listen, here's the thing,
[KUROMU]
I'm Kuromu.
[IRUMA] I can't exactly
tell them Kuromu is Keroli.
The details aren't
really important,
but, Azz, Clara,
Kuromu needs our help,
so please say yes.
[ASMODEUS]
But of course.
[CLARA]
Roger dodger dodger devil.
-[cheering]
-[FANS yelling indistinctly]
We want Kuromu! Where is she?
Let's get this concert
started already.
Come out, Kuromu. We love you!
-[MAL] An opening act?
-[IRUMA] Yes.
We'll do anything,
from singing to stunts.
[MAL]
I told you, it's impossible.
I appreciate the offer,
but just stay put.
Please, I'm begging.
[IRUMA groans]
[IRUMA]
Please?
-[BOTH] Sorry, but no.
-Huh?
Huh?!
Master Iruma told us
what's happening
with Miss Kuromu.
Uh-huh. Uh-huh.
The primary objective here
is to help the crowd
relieve some stress,
isn't that right?
Ooh! I know, we should all play
a game of tag. We--
There must be
some other way we can help.
Boo.
[MAL] No. The audience
expressly came to see Kuromu.
The dem-dol who's cute,
smart, and elegant,
and still only in high school.
They don't even
have to be as good as her,
but it's not like
we just can find
another cute high schooler now.
At least not one who's
as young and amateurish, anyway.
-Then how about we make one?
-Huh?
Hey, you two knuckleheads.
-[ASMODEUS] Oh?
-[IRUMA gasps]
[CLARA] I hope
you're ready for greatness.
-Wait. Do you mean...
-[gasps]
[ASMODEUS]
Are you kidding?
I can't wear that.
No back-sass.
-[ASMODEUS] Anything but that!
-No!
-[IRUMA] Wait!
-[chuckles]
-[BOTH scream]
[ASMODEUS]
Get off of me!
[ALL chanting]
Kuromu! Kuromu!
[AMERI]
It still hasn't started yet?
How long you gonna make us wait?
Come on. Our evil cycles
are making us crazy!
Get Kuromu out here!
[ANNOUNCER over PA]
Attention, everyone.
We apologize for the wait.
We will now bring out
our opening act. Enjoy.
Opening act?
What's about to start?
[FANS jeering]
[MAN]
What? Are you kidding me?
Know our name!
We're Irumi, and, her, uh,
Merry Band of Friends.
[MAN 1]
We didn't come here for this.
Who the hell are they?
Bring Kuromu out here.
No one asked for you!
The blue-haired one
in the middle seems familiar.
[MAN 2]
Go on. Get lost!
'Kay, guys. Let's rock.
-[chuckles]
-[IRUMA AND ASMODEUS groan]
The forest fairy, Clarin.
Give me your snacks.
If you don't, I'm gonna eat you.
Rawr!
[ALL gasp]
-Rawr. Rawr. Rawr.
-I... I'm the slightly cool,
yet shy Alice.
How's it going?
Look at her fidgeting.
She's so embarrassed, how cute.
[whispering]
No way I can say that!
[CLARA]
Do it for Kuromu and Iruma-kins.
[groans uncomfortably]
And I will set your hearts
alight with my red-hot flames.
Ka-pow.
[ALL gasp]
[IRUMA]
Azz, Clara, you're both so good.
[CLARA] Give us snacks
and we'll give you...
[CLARA AND ASMODEUS]
Sparkle-sparkle happy.
[FANS cheer]
[IRUMA]
I don't think I can do this.
But I made a promise.
So I'm gonna keep it.
Spinny, spinny,
squishy, squishy.
[IRUMA]
Uh...
I, I'm anxious Irumi.
Nice to meet you.
My weight, height, and
personal info are all secret.
Too bad.
Dem-dol of mystery, it's Irumi.
Wow, she's pretty cute, too.
Go, Irumi. You got this!
Nicely done, Mistress Irumi.
Woo-hoo!
[FANS cheering]
Huh?
Wha... What?!
Okay, you guys.
Uh, you all ready? Here we go.
[cheering]
[KEROLI] What in the actual
netherworld is this?!
♪
-[cheering continue]
-[MAN] Keep it up!
Mistress Irumi.
-[gasping]
-[MAN 1] Whoa!
That's crazy dangerous.
[MAN 2]
What? She dodges fire, too?
[MAN 3] I've never seen
dancing like that.
Hey, look up there!
[FANS cheering]
Devi rad!
The blue-haired is bae.
Hey, fire hottie! Immolate me.
[MAN]
One of them's super weird.
[AMERI] The blue-haired one...
looks like,
No, no, it can't be,
that's preposterous.
They said, they'd do anything
to ensure the show went off
without a hitch.
[KEROLI]
They did this... for me?
I wanna be like you!
Someone who can fade
into the background and vanish.
[KEROLI] He made such a fuss
about not wanting to stand out,
and yet, he ends up
doing so anyway,
but for the sake of others.
He stands out 'cause of
his desire to help his friends.
I don't think I've ever heard
of a demon doing such a thing.
Now, Ali-Ali.
Well, if you insist. [moans]
[CLARA]
Go!
[FANS chanting]
Irumi! Irumi!
-[gasps]
-Irumi! Irumi!
Wow, Iruma,
you're just full of surprises.
[gasps] Huh?
[chanting continues]
Irumi! Iru--
Huh? What's up
with the cold wind?
[KUROMU] How long do you plan on
going wild on my stage, huh?
[ALL gasping]
[indistinct chatter]
[MAN]
That voice.
The opening act is now over.
Ah!
[BOTH gasp]
[ALL yell in excitement]
Sorry I'm late. Hey, guys.
[ALL cheering]
Hi, Kuromu.
[KUROMU]
Thank you, everyone.
Thank you so much.
For everything.
[chuckles softly]
[BOTH chuckle softly]
[IRUMA]
Alright, we'll just be going--
[KUROMU]
Hold it.
You're on
a professional stage now.
That's a commitment you have
to see all the way through.
[ALL chanting]
Kuromu! Irumi!
[in unison]
And here we go.
[cheering intensifies]
[pop music playing]
♪ Every demon, listen up ♪
♪ Make sure
that your guard is up ♪
♪ Or else one day
I'm gonna swoop in ♪
♪ And steal away you heart ♪
[BOTH]
Okay?
♪ Ah-ah, even though
she looks so sweet ♪
♪ She's a little imp ♪
♪ Touch my hair
and I'm sure that you'll see ♪
♪ Come with me
and escape into a fantasy ♪
♪ You wanna chat? ♪
♪ Wait more than that? ♪
♪ If you insist then I guess ♪
♪ I'll come and play with you ♪
♪ Let's see, do you love me? ♪
♪ Look a little closer, please ♪
♪ If you really do, I ask you ♪
♪ Won't you please just
give your soul to me? ♪
♪ I'm mischievous,
a little imp ♪
♪ Let me take your hand ♪
♪ Aren't you glad
you're at the mercy of ♪
♪ A little imp? ♪
-[chuckling]
-You slay me up!
♪ Demons aim for victory ♪
♪ Won't you make
your move on me? ♪
♪ Too late 'cause
now I've set my sights ♪
♪ Time to eat you up ♪
♪ Om-nom ♪
♪ That's right,
even though I seemed so sweet ♪
♪ I'm a little imp ♪
♪ Just a little further
I think I can reach ♪
♪ Getting impatient,
aren't we? ♪
♪ I'll hold you close,
won't let you go ♪
♪ Drum-drum
like it's a bum-bum ♪
♪ But I've gotta ask
for all of you ♪
♪ It's clear, you hold me dear,
you were always here ♪
♪ If it's for my sake ♪
♪ There's nothing
you won't do so ♪
♪ Won't you
give me your heart? ♪
Be free!
♪ I'm mischievous,
a little imp ♪
♪ Now it's all up to you ♪
♪ Be the one who makes me
turn my head ♪
♪ This Little imp ♪
[cheering]
[KUROMU]
I can't apologize enough.
I've caused you all
so much trouble,
you must hate me.
Not at all.
The show was a huge success.
All's well that ends well,
as they say.
Wonderful job, Master Iruma.
You three were amazing, too.
So cute.
Do you want to be dem-dols?
-[ASMODEUS] No, thank you.
-[CLARA] Aw, yeah!
Nah, but thanks anyway.
Well, Kuromu. Good job.
Thank you, Mal.
That means a lot to me.
I'm really sorry about
what happened before the show.
It's alright.
More importantly, here.
-This is for you.
-Huh?
[MAL] Once they were
finished treating you,
they left immediately.
[KUROMU gasps]
[groans]
They're watching, proudly.
I see.
[KUROMU chuckles]
They do care.
[chuckles]
-Kuromu!
-[gasps]
Time for photos. Let's go.
-[KUROMU] Okay.
-I'm glad it all worked out.
Yes.
But, see, that's not all.
[KEROLI'S MOM]
Sorry, but we must be going now.
[MAL] Before you
even say hello to Kuromu?
[KEROLI'S MOM]
Yes.
I'm sure my daughter is
quite nervous.
And, besides...
if we were to
see the concert in person,
we'd all get so worked up,
the stress would
cause us to pass out.
So we'll be cheering her on
from home, as always.
The end.
Aw, that's so nice.
Honestly,
that whole family is a handful.
[BOTH laugh]
[KUROMU] I'm glad everyone
seemed to enjoy the show.
But I think I just
unintentionally helped Iruma
stand out even more.
And I have to admit,
he pulled off the look.
Still, I can't help
being frustrated.
-[IRUMA] Excuse us.
-[gasps]
Uh, yeah, what's up?
[IRUMA]
Um...
Could you sign this, please?
[KUROMU gasps]
[KUROMU]
'Course I can.
[IRUMA AND ASMODEUS gasp]
Wow, she's got
the coolest signature!
[NARRATOR] Fan service
wins over frustration.
And so, the concert
was a huge success.
[grunting angrily]
♪ I'm mischievous,
a little imp ♪
-Morning, everyone!
-[IRUMA gasps]
Hey, good morning, Kur--
-[gasps sharply]
-Keroli?
Hey. Just so
you're aware, mister,
I won't be defeated by your
annoying habit of standing out.
You helped me at the concert,
but if you tell anyone who I am,
I'll make sure you regret it.
So, um, well, see,
I hope you'll
still be my friend.
[NARRATOR] Iruma ended up
making a rather unique friend.
Hey, there's a page
about the concert last night.
[GOEMON]
Oh, so there is.
[JAZZ AND CAMUI]
Let me see!
What in the world?
It's Irumi and Her
Merry Band of Friends.
[CLARA chuckles]
-That's such a good photo.
-[gasps]
-Hey, Iru--
-Be quiet!
It'll be a total disaster
if they find out.
-[CLARA] Om-nom-nom. [chomping]
-As a highly esteemed member
of the Asmodeus family, I...
Stop eating that!
That mysterious trio
who opened at Kuromu's show,
they were awesome!
I know, right?
All three were so cute
and beautiful,
but still, for some reason
my heart doesn't seem
to want to flutter.
[GOEMON] That blue-haired one
is such a hottie.
[BOTH gasp]
[NARRATOR]
How their friendship will unfold
remains to be seen.
Su-ki-ma. Ka-pow!
[NARRATOR] Since Clara
forced the costumes on them,
I know I said I'd figure out
how to put it on myself,
but how the heck
are girls' clothes
even supposed to work?
Why is there a zipper here?
Can't I just pull this
over my head?
[grunts]
How are you doing Azz?
-[ASMODEUS] Huh?
-[IRUMA] Hmm.
[NARRATOR]
Perfection.
No! It's really not
what you think it is!
I just help my mother pick out
her wardrobe a lot,
so I know how these things work!
It's not like I wear this stuff
all the time or anything.
Iruma sir, are you listening?!
[CLARA]
From the left, rolling!
[ASMODEUS]
Be quiet!
Go on, Master Iruma.
-Do the next episode preview.
-[CLARA] ...rolling!
[IRUMA]
O-okay.
Ever since
I enrolled at Babyls--
[CLARA] ...rolling.
-[ASMODEUS] Quiet!
Iruma sir is speaking.
[IRUMA]
Aw, I don't mind, Azz.
[ASMODEUS]
He won't be able to say,
"Next time on Welcome to
Demon School! Iruma-kun:
You Fit Right In Now,
Iruma."
He won't be able to say,
"Look forward to it."
Go ahead, Iruma, sir.
[IRUMA]
Next time on...
Wait, there's no time left.
♪